README.md, before:

# CS 573 17F Week 3 Project Assignment

## Global Carbon Emissions, 1751-2014

[Line Chart]()

Work in Progress 
[Streamgraph](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/5b1a5f1c8ad0d3b858b3ec3a385d7e0c)


Ideas for future work
[Bostock Streamgraph](https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4060954)
[Curran Streamgraph]()

[Data Summary from Week 2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/d1094a88bc612e2b0d8ac7952080f0db)

This data set contains the total annual global carbon emssions, in units of one million metric tons of carbon, from 1751 to 2014, by source. The sources of these emissions include combustion of fossil fuels (gas, liquid, and solid), cement manufacturing, and gas flaring. Per capita emissions data is provided starting in 1950, once reliable global population estimate were available

This data was compiled by the [Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center](http://cdiac.ornl.gov/&sa=D&ust=1505598980404000&usg=AFQjCNE2q30jmgOabhyONR2h038d32fyjQ)

The original electronic file is [Global CO2 Emissions from fossil fuel buring, cement manufacturing, and gas flaring](http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp030/global.1751_2014.ems)/ This file was imported into excel and saved as a CSV file. 

Note that CDIAC is shutting down on September 30, 2017. This data will be transferred to the LBNL [ESS-DIVE](http://ess-dive.lbl.gov/) web site after September, 30, 2017.

The link to the CDIAC website was found on [gapminder](http://www.gapminder.org/data/), which contains other data sources that may be of interest if this data set is used for my visualization project.  




## Computer Science Degrees by Level and Gender, 1971-2011

[Fraction of Women Awarded Degrees](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/826ac078c16fdadbc3a7ab7ca98cda94)

[Fraction of Women Awarded Degrees with Total Number of Degrees Awarded (encoded as size)](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/8c527fe6a8bef275851f8e067892851a)

[Total Number of Degrees Awarded](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/159113faca3611883a34bdaf460c020a)

[Data Summary from Week2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/772c6d0f442c16f98928bf5831646cb0)

## DC Bike Share Data Set

[Bike Share Users vs Apparent Temperature](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/e482a1b939f342aa2d486481b318748c)

[Bike Share Users by Month](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/81785b46712ce7480ad2556800db9dde)

Ideas for future work

month box and whisker
filters: month/holiday/workingday/weekday/year
http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3943967

Linegraph :https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3883245

[Data Summary from Week2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/772c6d0f442c16f98928bf5831646cb0)
The data set contains the number of bike share system users (casual and registered) for each day (and hour) for two years (Jan 2011 - Dec 2012), as well as the day type (holiday, workingday), weather situation, temperature and humidity, apparent temperature and windspeed.

This data is from [UCI Machine Learning Repository: Bike Sharing Data Set](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/bike+sharing+dataset)

The dataset file can be found [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00275/Bike-Sharing-Dataset.zip) as a zip archive.

Commit message:

update and organize
- updated read
-added thumbnails by vis
-organized data by topic

README.md, after:

# CS 573 17F Week 3 Project Assignment

## Global Carbon Emissions, 1751-2014

Completed Visualizations
[Line Chart](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/ad02a7cf9ba7fd7eed0017ecd4dd0b13)

Work in Progress 
[Streamgraph](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/5b1a5f1c8ad0d3b858b3ec3a385d7e0c)


[Data Summary from Week 2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/d1094a88bc612e2b0d8ac7952080f0db)

This data set contains the total annual global carbon emssions, in units of one million metric tons of carbon, from 1751 to 2014, by source. The sources of these emissions include combustion of fossil fuels (gas, liquid, and solid), cement manufacturing, and gas flaring. Per capita emissions data is provided starting in 1950, once reliable global population estimate were available

This data was compiled by the [Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center](http://cdiac.ornl.gov/&sa=D&ust=1505598980404000&usg=AFQjCNE2q30jmgOabhyONR2h038d32fyjQ)

The original electronic file is [Global CO2 Emissions from fossil fuel buring, cement manufacturing, and gas flaring](http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp030/global.1751_2014.ems)/ This file was imported into excel and saved as a CSV file. 

Note that CDIAC is shutting down on September 30, 2017. This data will be transferred to the LBNL [ESS-DIVE](http://ess-dive.lbl.gov/) web site after September, 30, 2017.

The link to the CDIAC website was found on [gapminder](http://www.gapminder.org/data/), which contains other data sources that may be of interest if this data set is used for my visualization project.  




## Computer Science Degrees by Level and Gender, 1971-2011

[Fraction of Women Awarded Degrees](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/826ac078c16fdadbc3a7ab7ca98cda94)

[Fraction of Women Awarded Degrees with Total Number of Degrees Awarded (encoded as size)](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/8c527fe6a8bef275851f8e067892851a)

[Total Number of Degrees Awarded](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/159113faca3611883a34bdaf460c020a)

[Data Summary from Week2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/772c6d0f442c16f98928bf5831646cb0)

This data set contains the number of bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees in computer science (and related fields) awarded each year between 1971 and 2011 to men and women, by degree level

This data is from National Center for Education Statistics 
[Table 349](https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d12/tables/dt12_349.asp), "Degrees in computer and information sciences conferred by degree-granting institutions, by level of degree and sex of student: 1970-71 through 2010-11" 

The original file can be found [here](https://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d12/tables/xls/tabn349.xls) in MS Excel format. 
Original data set was reformated (unstacked) in MS Excel to facilitate visualization.


ORIGINAL DATA SOURCE: U.S. Department of Education, National Center for Education Statistics, Higher Education General Information Survey (HEGIS), "Degrees and Other Formal Awards Conferred" surveys, 1970-71 through 1985-86; Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS), "Completions Survey" (IPEDS-C:87-99); and IPEDS Fall 2000 through Fall 2011, Completions component. (This table was prepared July 2012.)

## DC Bike Share Data Set

[Bike Share Users vs Apparent Temperature](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/e482a1b939f342aa2d486481b318748c)

[Bike Share Users by Month](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/81785b46712ce7480ad2556800db9dde)

Ideas for future work

*box and whisker - by month, season or day of week
*filters: month/holiday/workingday/weekday/year
*show multiple visualizations on one page, with filter
*brush to filter/focus
*consider use of hourly data (limited to single year) for final project

[Data Summary from Week2](https://bl.ocks.org/sajudson/772c6d0f442c16f98928bf5831646cb0)
The data set contains the number of bike share system users (casual and registered) for each day (and hour) for two years (Jan 2011 - Dec 2012), as well as the day type (holiday, workingday), weather situation, temperature and humidity, apparent temperature and windspeed.

This data is from [UCI Machine Learning Repository: Bike Sharing Data Set](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/bike+sharing+dataset)

The dataset file can be found [here](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/00275/Bike-Sharing-Dataset.zip) as a zip archive.


##Sources of potential inspiration
[Bostock filter example](http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3943967)
[Bostock line graph](https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/3883245)
[Bostock Streamgraph](https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4060954)
[Curran Streamgraph]()
